# Ooga booga Twap Backend

## Design Considerations

- We are using NestJS for this project to take advantage of dependency injection, and assuming the project can grow, it will be easier to maintain. If the project would remain small, a more lightweight framework like Express would be preferred.
- The system has been designed in a way that it does not require extra infrastructure to run, like a database, a message queue, etc. These desicions are only because of the time constraints of this task.
- This server is not prepared for horizontal scaling.

## Critical things to improve for a more production-ready system

- Proper validations and limits should be added. Improve error messages.
- Implement a `cancel order` feature.
- Add a database to keep a persistent state and allow for scaling.
- Add a distributed message queue to handle order execution more efficiently. This would allow to use any amount of wallets to execute orders and increase the throughput.
- Prepare the system for horizontal scaling.
- Add tests
- Add authentication
- Add features to allow users to see the state of their current orders.
- Add a feature to allow users to receive alerts for their orders.

## API Documentation

The API documentation (Autogenerated) is available at `http://localhost:3000/`.

## Project setup

```bash
$ yarn install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ yarn run start

# watch mode
$ yarn run start:dev

# production mode
$ yarn run start:prod
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ yarn run test

# e2e tests
$ yarn run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ yarn run test:cov
```
